Startup Genome to projekt, który ma dać nam odpowiedź na pytanie gdzie założyć firmę, jakie warunki (sprzyjające bądź też nie) panują w danym kraju związane z przedsiębiorczością… Jak piszą sami twórcy: „The Startup Genome began after recognizing that the vital economic activity of high growth technology entrepreneurship lacked the data, knowledge and tools to successfully reach its potential as the primary economic growth engine of the Information era.” W raporcie (do pobrania tutaj) znajdziecie informacje dotyczące miast, które posiadają najlepsze ekosystemy związane ze startupami i przedsiębiorczością:  „In 2011, the company set out to improve the chronically low success rate of startups by transforming the business world from gut-driven to data-driven. The Startup Genome’s business intelligence product, the Startup Compass (http://startupcompass.co), is now being used by tens of thousands of software businesses around the world, providing benchmarks and recommendations to enable entrepreneurs and executives to make better decisions about how to allocate their time and resources under conditions of extreme uncertainty. Since its inception the Startup Genome has together with researchers from UC Berkeley, Oxford, and Stanford, and entrepreneurial thought leaders like Steve Blank, released a number of highly regarded reports and essays on the stages of the Startup Lifecycle , the primary causes of startup success and failure, and the global emergence of startup ecosystems. These reports and essays have been adopted into the curriculum of more than 100 universities, incubators and accelerators around the world.” Założyciele: Bjoern Lasse Herrmann CEO, Founded 2 previous software startups http://www.linkedin.com/in/bjoernlasse Max Marmer CSO, Foundational research for Startup Genome at Stanford http://www.linkedin.com/in/maxmarmer Ertan Dogrultan CTO, Data Mining Expert http://www.linkedin.com/in/ertand Doradcy: Steve Blank Customer Development   Secret History, Teaching at @Stanford, @Berkeley and Columbia http://www.steveblank.com Anil Sethi  CEO biotech Rx Obesity drug. Founded multiple startups, healthcare IT/EMR. @Sequoia IPO/sale to Citrix, @Dakota to WebMD. Adjunct Prof Hopkins School of Medicine Allen Morgan Managing Director, @Idealab New Ventures Group. Former startup lawyer and @Mayfield Fund Partner Amir Banifatemi Managing partner at Bayspring Group and K5 Ventures. Board Member and President at @Tech Coast Angels. Ken Rudin VP Analytics Zynga   Facebook Bruno Aziza  Built Microsoft Big Data, Cloud Analytics Businesses in the past 7 years Ron Berman Former VC / PhD Candidate of Quantitative Marketing at UC Berkeley Haas School of Business. 