"Stał zamieniony  w kamień, w kryształ. Och, pozwólcie mi użyć słowa, którego zazdroszczę Francuzom: stał médusé."    Asleep by Peter Schipperheyn, marble, life size, 1987    Dear PINK's Today I would like to present three cases of peculiar erotic sculptures. First one - Asleep – is a rather "classic" marble carving by Australian artist Peter Schipperheyn and a curious thing about it is a fact that it is a gravestone. Personally I wouldn't mind at all grave like that and I believe I am not alone in such funeral fantasy. Chapeau bas to the Lady Christina Matheson who commissioned so abundant farewell for her husband. The other two are probably even more arguable by contemporary standards. Swan - a standing nude contortionist sculpture by mysterious J. Young would be the most pornographic between them and by pornographic I understand in this case not simply the visible genital hyperrealism but the overall taste of it. I am totally mesmerized by the extreme blend of art deco, rococo, sentimentalism, fetish and obscenity. The term kitsch seems too weak to describe this phenomenon. The rest of Young's works does reach similar level of aesthetic exuberance. As I am a big fan of "naco"   "brothel art" I would love to have one of them in my personal collection. They definitely deserve proper surrounding. The concept of voluptasism also aroused a lot of my curiosity - regrettably artist's site gives the impression to be under eternal construction and my desire of knowledge must remain unsatisfied by now. The last but not least: Monument to Pro- Life: The Birth of Sean Preston by controversial North American artist Daniel Edwards is probably the most bizarre. This "life- sized statue celebrates the recent birth of Spears’ baby boy, Sean, and applauds her decision of placing family before career." I must to admit that it left me pretty confused. PINK NOT DEAD!    maurycy     Swan by J. Young, mixed media, two feet tall, limited edition of 300, date unknown     Monument to Pro-Life: The Birth of Sean Preston by Daniel Edwards, cast, life size, 2006    check also: SATYROMANIA 