Think Pink at YouTube   Dear PINK's    Today absolute pink classic: "Think Pink" from Funny Face - Thanks Mom :D     PINK NOT DEAD!    maurycy     MAGGIE [calming them down] Girls, girls, girls, girls... [Ripping off bits of pink material she has taken from the shelf,  giving them to each secretary] Listen: take this to all the designers; I want dresses made up in exactly this shade of pink.  Babs: take this round to Kaiser Delmont, I want shoes and stockings in exactly this colour. Laura: everything goes pink! I  want the whole issue pink; I want the whole country pink! [Pauses] Lettie: take an editorial: [dramatically] "To the women  of America..."—no, make it to the women everywhere: "banish the black, burn the blue, and bury the beige! From now on  girls..."    ♫ MAGGIE:     Think pink! think pink! when you shop for summer clothes.   Think pink! think pink! if you want that quel-que chose.   Red is dead, blue is through,  Green's obscene, brown's taboo.   And there is not the slightest excuse   for plum or puce —or chartreuse.   Think pink! forget that Dior says black and rust.   Think pink! who cares if the new look has no bust.  Now, I wouldn't presume to tell a woman   what a woman oughtta think,   But tell her if she's gotta think: think pink—!    ♫ WOMEN:    —for bags! pink for shoes!  Razzle, dazzle and spread the news!  And pink's for the lady with joie de vive!   Pinks for all the family.   Try pink shampoo.   Pink toothpaste too.   Play in pink, all day in pink,   Pretty gayin pink.   Drive in pink, come alive in pink, Have a dive in pink.  Go out dancing but just remember one thing:   You can get a little wink  If you got a little pink  In your swing.    ♫ MEN [painters, with NYC accents]:    Think pink! think pink, it's the latest word, you know.   Think pink! think pink and you're Michelangelo.    ♫ WOMEN:    Feels so gay, feels so bright.   Makes you day, makes you night.   Pink is now the colour to which   you gotta switch!    ♫ MEN:     (Do what you gotta switch!)    ♫ WOMEN:    Every stitch!    ♫ MEN: (Every stitch you switch!)     ♫ MAGGIE:     Think pink! think pink on the long, long road ahead.     ♫ WOMEN   MEN:    On the road, (  MAGGIE) think pink!     ♫ MAGGIE:    ...think pink and the world is rosey-red     ♫ WOMEN   MEN:     (Everything's rosey.)     ♫ MAGGIE:    Everything on the great horizon, Everything that you can think—  and that includes the kitchen sink,  Think pink!    ♫ WOMEN   MEN:    Think pink, think pink Think pink, think pink   Think pink, think pink!     (1957) words by Leonard Gershe, music by Roger Edens, sung by Kay Thompson     Funny Face Soudrack    Funny Face DVD 