how happy Hopper is by Shiroi Bob model: Yuina     "Shiroi, would you like to guess how happy I am at this very moment?" "Well, Hopper, I suppose you'd be peaking any bunny happy meter aimed at you right now if I had one."  "That's right! I've waited all year for moments like this!"  "Actually it was a little over a year since you saw her last, right, Hopper?" "That's right, Shiroi! it was so long! How could you have deprived me so?"  "I'm not made of money, Hopper."  "You never shot Yuina in a bikini before today. You should have remembered how you saw how some other guys have, and gotten more motivation to make more money to get back here sooner."  "Hopper, the overall appeal of Japan is what motivated me to spend as much on this trip as I have."  "Especially Yuina!"  "Especially the nice people in general, Hopper."  "Except you don't want to see that nice man at the hotel reservation desk in a bikini, Shiroi." "That's right, Hopper. As if he would even wear one. Yuina, known as Maron today, is an absolute delight in many ways, but I was referring to the overall appeal of Japan for me."  "And of models wearing pink! And not much else!"  "Hopper, I like classy bikinis. But the model before Yuina chose not to wear one, and that was fine with me. I want them to wear what they are comfortable wearing. And Sara a few days ago wanted me to choose all her outfits. Did I choose four bikinis? No. One bikini. One lingerie. One seifuku. One yukata kimono. Traditional kimonos don't show a lot of skin, but they are gorgeous."  "Um, right, Shiroi. Yuina is gorgeous no matter what she wears, but right now, since I have no neck, I can't wait until she moves her finger I'm clinging to around so I can get an even better view!" "You'll be able to get plenty of good views from my computer at home, Hopper."  "Sounds great, Shiroi, but right now I am so in the moment I can barely remember what a computer is."     Dear PINK's    As I am going to the beach in few hours it seams right to post a Bikini Pink tonight - plenty of it in my collection but I would rather like to use the occasion to introduce small sample of Shiroi Bob works. The mesmerizing cuteness of Asiatic girls is nothing new but Bob has a particularly authentic and pretty pink approach to it. I am following his stream since quite long time to my great delight. Shiroi is also a rare example of photographer who does like and can write so instead of trying to resume his approach to Asia and female cuteness I would better quote some of the things he states:      I am fascinated with subtlety in various fetish areas; the wide range of possibilities in keeping mystery.    My interest in modeling type photos runs mostly from the cute to the sensual. To me, "sexy" means subtlety. I am not a fan of pornography; in fact, I hesitate to even say the word in this profile.    Since I love rabbits, I take one of them, Hopper, to Japan and many other places with me. I am glad he makes people happier, so I like to photograph him with them at that time. I am attracted to many cute things, and not just of the human female variety. To me it is a good balance from life's serious things.    Remember, make bunny ears in public and you will be happy! :-)   If you are into Kawaii and Japanese Idols sweet seduction awaits you in massive amounts at Shiroi flicker Site :D    (-_-)  PINK NOT DEAD!    maurycy     relaxed fusen play by Shiroi Bob model: Sara   "So explain to your viewers what a fusen is, Shiroi!" "I was just about to, Hopper. A fusen or a fusendama is what a balloon or a toy balloon is called in Japan. But it literally means 'air container,' with 'fu" referring to an air sound, so it could apply to the traditional 'kamifusen' paper balls pictured on her kimono. How's that, Hopper?" 