Bath Glam via Adult 3D Art at Adult Empire, author unknown Dear PINK's    Since a couple of years 3D porn started to appear as a separate category (along with Cartoon and Hentai) at many free porn hubs of general interest. Initially I ignored it, quickly finding out that most of the models (often created using Poser software) are pretty primitive and that the gross of the stories are focused on incest and underage sex exploiting the moral / legal ambiguity of fantasy creation. Lately I gave it a second try and I must admit that I found several interesting cases / niches there. Of course the fishy thing still goes on, and most of the productions remain incredibly awkward and as such can satisfy rather my interests in absurd, codes of mass fantasy or in esthetic determined by technology than delight me as erotic fantasy. Anyway I believe that this universe, specially after the enormous success of Second Life can not be seen as marginal sexual space anymore. Actually I sense great future for it. If you ever had fantasy about being with identical twins think about the amount of clone lovers that virtual world can offer. Any fantasy can be fullfilled here. Let me point out and briefly comment some cases: 1. Human body modifications / exaggerations. In this category even more interesting than transsexual hybrids (already explored pretty far in Japanese Futanari) I find the so very basic "Big Boobs Story". The first two images posted together with this note are examples of "The Unbelievable Mega Mammaries Saga" that I covet to know complete. Surprising case of "post-academism" fitting even the line of western conservatism: classic, elegant, glamour models with oversized breasts and young, healthy, gentle studs with massive dicks. All of them Aryans. Mind the Italian (Roman) touch. Remember Arno Breker. Somehow everything matches. The general atmosphere is of order and satisfaction. Very clean but very abundant at the same time vision of paradise. It's freighting and fascinating at the same time. 2. Inhuman Sex. There are plenty of sub-categories in this territory: sex with aliens, robots, mosters, devils, demons and even with skeletons. They are often predictable continuations of pulp pop BDSM fantasies mostly repeating Beauty and the Beast scheme but sometimes truly crazy and powerful. They are the natural answer to the official politics of dream industry that exploits as much violence as sex but when climaxing on visual violence leaves sex acts to the imagination. I am not so keen on rape but to my satisfaction I could notice that this isn't the only vehicle here. Besides rather cheesy Fairy Fantasies (Bondage Fairies are hard to beat) I explored with interest some of formally poor but often surprising Ogre Fantasy sets. Gigantism affects both sexes here - along with hordes of huge males we can found also some giant females. Their behavior isn't always abusive towards they tiny partners. Actually there are plenty of idyllic images to be found there. I am curious if such practice will expand towards abandoning of human body reference completely. As long this is visual product human element is necessary to awake libido but if it will become complete virtual experience further evolution and liberation from the anthropomorphic cage seams interesting to explore. 3. Ideal Creatures. Here I would like to point two cases: Love Dolls and Perfect Humans. As for the first category there is the whole family of sites exploring similar creatures (Virtual 3D Girls, Virtual Panty Girls, 3D Love Dolls, Toon Boobies, Dirty 3D etc. ) oscillating between softcore and hardcore, mainstream eroticism and bizarre perversions. Although some of their creations look far too infantile for western stadards* (something that can be confusing for someone who wasn’t feed with Kawaii since his childhood) I find many of them truly charming, even divine in their artificial perfection. Their principal failure (a part of common for all 3D figures problems with joints and hands) is high degree of repetition of facial features. Anyway they are ghosts of alive dolls - I wonder what Pigmalion would say about it. Talking about ideal humans I found several hyperrealistic images created evidently by the same artist (or team) that seduced me in all they shiny glory. Hardcore, kitsch, passionate and sentimental at once - I find them convincing but I suppose this is a matter of personal taste. The names of the creators remain mystery to me. I would be glad to find out whose fantasies forged those hot renders. PINK NOT DEAD!    maurycy     Park Couple via Scenes of 3D Porn at Adult Empire, author unknown     Blonde Beauty via CG Hotties at Adult Network / 3D Love Dolls, author unknown     Goth Girl via Virtual Panty Girls, author unknown     Acpocaliptic Butts via 3D Fuck Sluts, author unknown    SELECTED 3D PINK GALLERIES: BB Bunny  BB Pink Hair Babe  Pigtail Blonde Love Doll in Pink Shirt  Short Hair Blonde Love Doll in Pink Shirt  Pink Hair Shemale  Pink Latex Babe  Pink Dress SF Babe  Thrill Doll in Pink   SELECTED 3D PINK IMAGES:   Chubby Couple in Pink Space Pink Corset Girl  Pink Motobike Pin Up  High Pink   RELATED POSTS:    HENTAI GIRLS BETTER THAN REAL  PINK FORCE  PINK KiSS HARDCORE PINK  PINK PYGMALIONISM  PINK TRANSFORMATION SATYROMANIA   * site owners state that All digital models are created to be age 18+ what is pretty tricky and sort of absurd concerning virtual characters. Besides that it is a pure hypocrisy considerig that tiny girls with pigtails are often paired with old, ugly, bald, fat brutes what shows evidently that its creators / distributors count with pedophiliac public. 