Nunca dejas de jugar solo cambias de juguetes :)    EROTIKA LOVE STORE Polanco, Franchising Sex Shop of Alejandro Alamo - First Room.  Interior by Héctor Belloc. Erotika basic concept and corporative image by MG/JCB/SQ.   Dear PINK's    Yesterday's visit to the new Erotika franchising store in Polanco was a big pleasure for me. Hector Belloc did great work - I am happy and proud of him :) The interior keeps with the basic alignments of the image, Hector wisely exploited my previous experiments and developed some new applications. The Shop has its individual character and the quality of the execution is very good. Basically it is the most glamorous Erotika until now. All that also (and that’s important to notice) because the franchisor had much enthusiasm, funds and attention for the project. To see it done this way made me double content because although Erotika since beginning was planned as project that can support as much low as high end (and over last years confirmed to be efficient and resistant to all kinds of barbarity) rarely it had opportunity to shine this bright and at such scale  (Sex Plaza - Olympia,  Annual Sex Fairs, Amberes Shop, Genova's Shop Facade) and never had this sort of finishing. After long battle with the pink floor we decided to experiment with white one. I like its purity and the pearl touch. It seams to fit and I would like to experiment with the black one too. That is the main change but in spite of that I like it I wouldn't discard completely the initial, more psychedelic, solution. I believe that one day we will find technological and economically reasonable means for it that will permit us to keep experimenting with the patterns - such geometrical / optical games have still a lot to offer. Check the never finished Amberes second floor. Finally I would like to show couple of shots from completely different shop, located in much more difficult zone, that I designed at the beginning of this year: Erotika Puebla. That would be Pink Niagara mural (executed twice for PND! Shows) applied to the facade in horizontal way. Enjoy Alejandro Alamo's Love Store - Erotika Glam - it is a truly pleasant experience. We would keep working at Pink Factory developing The Pink Universe :)    PINK NOT DEAD!    maurycy     EROTIKA LOVE STORE Polanco, Franchising Sex Shop of Alejandro Alamo - First Room.  Interior by Héctor Belloc. rotika basic concept and corporative image by MG/JCB/SQ. EROTIKA LOVE STORE Polanco, Franchising Sex Shop of Alejandro Alamo - Second Room.  Interior by Héctor Belloc. rotika basic concept and corporative image by MG/JCB/SQ.    Big Boobs Blonde Mannequin at EROTIKA LOVE STORE Polanco.  I was insisting since couple of years in adcquiring those mannequins since I saw one in San Diego at one of second hand bookstores. We try the for the first time at Erotika Insurgetes (foto below) and we were all very pleased with it. I want one (to be precise this one or the one below) for my Birthday :)     Sexy Mannequin at EROTIKA LOVE STORE Glorieta Insurgentes.  Suddenely I realized that The Biggest Worshipper of Mannequins - Clovis Trouille doesn't make apperance at Pink Blog yet - I will take care of this fault asap :)     EROTIKA LOVE STORE Glorieta Insurgentes. - Facade.  (2009 - based on my own Pink Niagara Mural, 2006; execution Pedro Sandoval.)     EROTIKA SEX SHOP Plaza del Sexo Olimpia - Facade. (together with Jorge Covarrubias, 2006, execution Tania Ross.) EROTIKA SEX SHOP Plaza del Sexo Olimpia - Ceiling.  (together with Jorge Covarrubias, 2006, execution Tania Ross.)    Me dio mucho gusto visitar nueva franquicia de Erotika en Polaco. Héctor Belloc hizo un gran trabajo - estoy feliz y orgulloso de el :) La tienda guarda principales ideas de la imagen, aprovecha las experiencias, desarrolla nuevas aplicaciones. Tiene personalidad y cualidad - es la mas glamour de todas las que hay. En parte también gracias a encontrar a un franquiciatario con entusiasmo, medios y atención. Verla así me alegra doble porque concepto Erotika a lo largo de ultimos años comprobó ser eficiente y resistente a todo tipo de barbaridades pero tuvo escasas oportunidades de levantarse en grande (Plaza del Sexo Olimpia,  Ferias, Tienda Amberes, fachada de la Tienda Génova) y de plano nunca tuvo este acabado y pocas veces semejante aire. Despues de mucha batalla con losetas decidimos experimentar con piso blanco -me gusta su pureza y toque nacarado. Creo que esta bien usarlo vamos a probar tambien su version en el negro. Sin embargo no quiero descartar del todo el concepto de aplicación pareja del patron rosa en paredes, techo, suelo (vide Olimpia) - espero que simplemente en unos años encontraremos una solución tecnológica económicamente viable que nos permitirá seguir experimentando con la idea de patrón. Esta tiene todavía mucho que rendir. Échenle ojo al nunca realizado proyecto para el secundo piso de la tienda Amberes. Para terminar me gustaría mostrar un par de tomas de la fachada cual rediseñe a mediados de este año. Erotika Love Store Puebla - tienda de muy distinto perfil (ubicada en una zona mucho mas difícil) en la cual básicamente aproveche la experiencia de Pink Niagara (mi mural hecho para el PND! Shows) aplicando el patrón "Zarape" de la manera horizontal. Disfruten la tienda de Alejandro Alamo - Erotika Glam  - es una experiencia muy placentera. Nosotros seguimos desarrollando El Mundo Rosa :) 