Pierre de Bourdeille seigneur de Brantôme   Dear PINK's During my last visit to San Diego (that keeps being a bookstore paradise for me) I had luck to finally find Brantôme's "The Lives of Fair   Gallant Ladies" in English translation. Beautiful hardback edition from 1933 that stand dusted in the corner for years cost me only 10 bucks :) I was quoting my Beloved author a couple of times in the blog: on the occasion of presenting three images from my Vaginettes digital graphics set and when I wrote about Fine Legs. So here is finally the missing English version.    PINK NOT DEAD!    Maurycy   Among many and sundry beauties the which I have at divers times known us courtiers to praise, and which are right well adapted o attract love, one of the highest esteemed is a fine leg on a fine woman. Many fair ladies have I known take great pride therein, and use great pains to have and to keep the same beautiful. Amongst others I have heard tell of a noble Princess of great world, and one that I did myself know, which did cherish one of her ladies above all the rest, and did favour her beyond all, for this only because she could draw on her mistress' hose so close and tight, and arrange them so cleverly to fit the leg, and fasten the garter so prettily, - better than any other. For this only reason she gat great preferment at her hands, and even did win considerable wealth. Now in view of all this care she took to keep her leg in such good trim, we may be very sure 'twas not to hide the same under her petticoats or under skirts or frock, but to make display therof at whiles with fine drawers of cloth of gold and silver, or other like rich stuff, very prittely and daintily made, which she did commonly wear. For verily a womam taketh not such pleasure in her body without being fain to give others a share also in the sight, yea! and the enjoyment therof. (Introduction to Third Discourse)  There be many husbands and lovers among us Christians which do desire to be in all respects different from the Turks, which last take no pleasure in looking at women closely, becouse they say, as I have stated above, they have no shape. We Christians on the other hand to find, 'tis said, great contentment in regarding the carefully and do delight in such. nay! not only do men enjoy seeing them, but likewise in kissing, and many ladies have shown their lovers the way.   (Second Discourse; Part 2: "Of the Power of Sight in Love")   Pierre de Bourdeille seigneur de Brantôme "The Lives of Fair   Gallant Ladies"   written between 1590 and 1614, first printed 1666  Translated by A.R.Allinson  Liveright Publishing Co  New York 1933 