Cock is my religion. I am the altar, the invocation and the benediction.   Dear PINK's    Continuing the Phallic Story I would like to post here several quotes related to Cock Worship in general and to Face Fucking / Deep Throathing in particular. All of them found at Vickie Shan's  photostream - I had mixed feelings about it - first than anything Vickie can be far too much into humiliation than my interest go, then the SL images she posts are not really to my taste but at the same time she is truly devoted to Sex and has great eye for quotes - I appreciate highly both factors - check it for yourself.    PINK NOT DEAD! maurycy   Power and The Facefuck  When the blowjob turns that seedy corner into the dark alley that is face-fucking, control is no longer mine. My skills, my play, my mouth cease to matter. The lips, the mouth, the throat, they become not much more than another cylinder of wet pink flesh and I am merely along for the ride. My lover wraps my hair in his fist like the reins of a half-broken horse and he rides my face at a gallop, pistoning his thick dick with thoughtless, somatic, and often painful, imprecision. Make no mistake: it hurts to be face-fucked, regardless how able a sword-swallower you are. The pain is integral.    The chimerical change from the pattering shower of blowjob to the howling tornado that is face-fucking can happen just that quick. A hand on the back of my head, the pneumatic drill of hips, and I am suddenly hanging on for the ride, my gag reflex capriciously engaged, my gorge rising, my will pressing it back, my head speaking a silent prayer for quick release, and my pussy liquefying faster than an ice cube on Route 66 in August. Face-fucking is a paradoxical thing, with teeth. Held hard, I hold fast and hope for the best.    After, I am left raw-ragged and red. My throat burns. Popsicles gain a renewed charm. I feel used, abused and rosy with pride. A blowjob well done is a thing of beauty, but a face-fucking gladly endured (nose slamming pubic bone; testes tap-tap-tapping at the chin; breathing an afterthought; lips friction numb; peristalsis dispatching with thrumming, pumping, jetting spunk) is a thing of true grit. You have to respect a girl—or a guy—who will take it like a well-trained bitch.   Chelsea G. Summers at Filthy Gorgeous Things (via Vickie Shan )   Cock Love  I just had sex with the most phenomenal cock I've ever met.    I say 'cock' rather than 'person' because I'm going to venture that the cock is an extension of the man, and this man is a king among men. Alpha male to blast all alpha males. To fuck the source of all that energy - I'm still trembling, stars in my eyes and all a glow. I melt with this man, melt all over his cock. And let his cock melt inside me.    It also happens to be the biggest, most beautifully formed cock I've ever met. I've bragged about this cock - its breadth and responsiveness and how he has to carry it across the room. He never wears underwear. He just lets that magnificent thing swing loose, and able to be plucked freely out of his pants at any time by my mouth.    I'm totally in love. It's the kind of cock I'd cross continents for. I can barely type, I'm jittery still.  Kasia Xavier at  Beautiful and Depraved blog via (Vickie Shan)   For the Love of Cock  I've fallen in love with a fair number of cocks. What's a fair number? I won't say. What makes a cock special enough to fall in love with?    Aesthetics are one thing. Proportion, shape, texture, curvature. They all bear weight. Usage and execution are, of course, right up there in endearing me to a certain worship. However, the strongest determining factors in cock love are: confidence and sentience.    I've known men who owned their hungry cocks so utterly and completely, who were so shameless about the power of their cocks, that I could only succumb. Some men have cocks to be reckoned with. As an instrument of penetration, of opening, a cock needs to be wielded fiercely, sometimes gently, but always firmly. In a way, we could say that cock love starts at home. A man who exudes cock confidence will penetrate with that cock in a way the leaves a woman speechless and satiated. A cock that doesn't take no for an answer.    I also like an expressive cock. One that responds when I bend over to pick things up, that greets me as I open the door, that wakes up in the morning before I do; indeed, it becomes my alarm clock. Such a cock I will eagerly envelop, nestling it deep, deep into my throat, as I nearly orgasm with it filling my mouth, obliterating every thought (and almost every breath). My relationship with the cock begins to take on a life of its own, independent of the man. Typically, I fall in love with them both. I miss each of them when they aren't around.    There was one man who changed things for me. Prior to him, I had always had amicable relationships with cock. I loved getting fucked. I *liked* giving head. I liked the pleasure it gave my partner. But with him, cock-sucking became a whole new animal, a savage dance, a tribute to his magnificent, power-wielding and relentless cock. I just couldn't lavish enough attention on his cock. From that moment on, I began to experience man love and cock love.  Kasia Xavier at  Beautiful and Depraved blog via Vickie Shan  Choose Cock  Choose surrendering your throat, your self, entirely to your lover's cock.     Choose come and spit and sweat dripping down your face and your chest.    Choose orgasm because deep throat fucking can make you come.     Choose being face fucked so hard your eyes water.    Choose choking. Choose cock love.    * *    I'm a throatfucker. I like a big cock in my throat.    There's an obliterating quality to intense sexual experiences that I crave. I want to quash my mind, and any attachments to who I think I am. I like to get whipped, nippled tortured, fucked hard, ass fucked and throat fucked. I love the delicious feeling that every orifice is available to my lover, at any time. I like my lover fucking my face so hard, that I wonder if my neck will be injured or my esophagus will burst.    I also love to share. I'm including a few tips for the deep throating virgins. Remember: every orifice, all the time, will make you a happier woman and your lover loyal.    1) Position is everything. You either want to be on your back, with your head over the edge of the bed, or in a 69 position, over top of or underneath your lover's cock. The former - over the edge of the bed - is best for learning. It also reinforces the feeling of helplessness and surrender. Of being drowned by cock. I like it best.    Have your lover straddle you and force his cock as far down your throat as it can go. Hold still. If he's well endowed, you may have to slide the last millimetres of him in incrementally, but that's okay. He'll be happy to enjoy the journey. It's likely he'll get excited and want to thrust right away, but slow him down, clutch his ass and keep him still for a while.    You want to get used to this feeling. It can feel at first like your throat is going to explode. Just spread your legs wider. It helps if he vocalizes his appreciation in pants, in disbelief and some nipple play on you. All this will only serve to get you wetter.    This is the hardest work - accustomizing your throat to his cock. The more you can relax and settle into the feeling, the easier it gets with time. Everyone seems to have advice about throat relaxation techniques, but it's something you need to feel your way through. A shortcut:    2) Choose a pressure point. There's a point just below your Adam's apple that actually stifles your gag reflex. Feel for a soft indent and a 'C' lying on its side. Firmly press your finger there - or have him do it, that's even hotter. You'll find it stops you from retching quite so much. Even so, you'll still regurgitate a thick, slimy saliva that provides a fantastic lubricant. It feels great running down his balls and it allows for a quick changeover to other orifices. 3) The transition. There's an area in the throat that the cock must slide past to make it into deep throat territory. Relax your jaw and imagine creating space at the back of your mouth. Let go entirely. Again, spread your legs wide and surrender to the feeling of being taken and utter availability.    4) Breathe. When his cock fills your throat completely, breathing is impossible. As you learn throatfucking and he rests his cock deep down, hold your breath. Have him pull out and then breathe; have him re-enter and hold. Repeat.    When he graduates to seriously, wildly fucking your throat, you'll be able to time your inhalations and exhalations to the moments when he pulls out before he thrusts deeply back inside you.    * *   You'll learn best by doing. Choose cock. Choose tears. Choose having a cock so far down your throat that you can't even taste his come when he ejaculates.   Kasia Xavier at Filthy Gorgeous Things (via Vickie Shan)      Check also:     How To Give Deep Throat Without Gagging at Cherry TV    Deepthroating made easy at Girls Love Sex Too 