All you ladies pop your pussy like this  Shake your body, don't stop, don't miss  All you ladies pop your pussy like this  Shake your body, don't stop, don't miss  Just do it, do it, do it, do it, do it now  Lick it good suck this pussy, just like you should  Right now, Lick it good  suck this pussy just like you should  My Neck, my back  Lick my pussy and my crack  ♫ ♫ ♫ Chelsie Rae in Pink Panty Play at inthecrack.com 2006    Dear PINK's    Inthecrack is definitely one of the adult sites with the higher quality of photographs (specially close ups) I ever came over. It isn't the site design (rather regular, even poor) the styling of the shots (pretty classic) neither particular beauty of the girls (long legged bikini type caryatids are common in this universe) that call my attention here - it is the True Pussy   Ass Worship that emanates from they work. Inthecrack is a very specialized window for crack lovers and connoisseurs and should be not overlooked by those focused on erotics and porn. The other peculiar thing is that Inthecrack in its promotional texts instead of common dirty talk intents to give proper statement that defines they character, politics and approach to porn - something very uncommon in adult industry - but let them speak for themselves:     About inthecrack   At inthecrack our primary focus is on making top quality solo girl masturbation videos. We do not sell videos of a simple picture shoot with the video camera 10 feet away. Our videos are designed for the voyeur who likes to explore the girl's pretty bits up close with nothing left to the imagination. You get just the right mix of full body shots, mind blowing close-ups, and imaginative camera angles that enhance the girl's nakedness and reveal her best side. The content of our videos ranges from simple tease, up the skirt shots, and wet panty tease, to the wide-open views of special interest to the "amateur gynecologist". You will see girls spreading their pussy   ass in your face for your inspection, using all kinds of novelty objects for sex toys, smearing themselves with edible delights, and oozing and squirting their juices as they cum. inthecrack videos are for the pussy   ass connoisseur who likes to soak in the lovely shapes and contours of the female ass and thoroughly explore the pretty features in the vagina, pussy lips, and anus. Most of our videos will show you things such as girls using speculums, peeing, anal insertion, leaking pussy juice, squirting orgasms, and super deep vagina views. Our hallmark, however, is to put your face in optimum viewing position to bring you all the pussy   ass you can handle. As you can see in the images above the detail is good enough that you can virtually count the creases in the girls pussy lips and read her "pussyprints". Our special camera techniques and lenses bring you the unique perspective of having your face right up under the girl's ass surrounded by bum cheeks and thighs. You get the front row seat up the girl's ass as our girls spread themselves open and put on a very private and intimate pussy and ass show just for you.    Defining properties of the inthecrack genre We find that the internet today is full of very generic adult websites with very much run-of-the-mill type of content as well as a number of quality websites that, while having really nice content, still seem to lack any real inspiration. There are plenty of very professional photographers with nice websites and yet they are constrained by the conformities ingrained by the professional establishment and seem to have nothing new to say. We wanted inthecrack to have a new perspective and a unique identity all of it's own. We don't want to just mindlessly spit out shoot after shoot of naked girls just for the sake of shooting naked girls. The girls are not just a piece of ass meat with a girl attached. Rather they are the beautiful subjects of our admiration that also have some really lovely intimate parts that we cannot help but admire. If there is one obvious characteristic that is the true essence of the female form it would be the beautiful curves and shapeliness of the feminine body parts. We do have an eye for feminine curves and we aim to worship and enhance these lovely curves with new perspectives and camera angles not typically found elsewhere. We focus heavily on the bum and crotch area not just because there's a pussy there but because the whole area is completely saturated with beautiful feminine curves. Considering we are particularly fond of intimate female parts and beautiful curves you will find that the girls bum cheeks, bum crack, and anus are featured much more prominently on inthecrack than most other adult sites. While our primary focus is on extremely graphic close up pussy and ass views this is not all that we do. We do like to admire the flower first before we pull all the petals apart. While those more jaded might not join an adult site to see woman's underwear we believe that with the right perspective a nice teasing panty view can really enhance the bum curves and bulging pussy lips. From our perspective a good bit of tease serves to build the excitement in anticipation of the ultimate goal, to thoroughly explore all through the girl's most private parts. If you can last through the tease you are rewarded with the most graphic views possible as we stick your face right up the girls pussy and ass to soak in her beautiful girlie bits.    On the video side you will see all the girlie bits in action. We don't just love the curvy parts of the female body - we love how the curvy parts of the female body move. We draw attention to the subtle details often overlooked by other videographers such as the rolling of the ass as the girl crawls, the wiggle in her bum cheeks when she walks, the bulging and flapping of pussy lips around manipulating fingers, and the winking of flexing anuses. While we do show the most graphic private parts views possible, including deep vaginal views and spread pussy pee-hole-in-action views, noticeably absent from inthecrack are all the less desirable vices that typically come with hardcore porn videos. There is no obsessive cursing, and girls are not being spit on, slapped, called a bitch, or taken advantage of. You might see deep pussy speculum views but don't expect to see too many girl's ass holes pried open by a speculum. If you've ever had a speculum up your ass you'll know why. Unlike some adult producers we do respect the models comfort and ensure that they have a good time during the shoot.    Inthecrack is deliberately a very clean, no nonsense, anti-hype kind of site. If one of our videos has something not so perfect about it WE SAY SO! We'd prefer than our customers know exactly what they are buying than have them complain later.    Inthecrack and ass: Inthecrack is commonly perceived to be a pussy site, which it is, but in fact our first love is beautiful shapely female asses. The name inthecrack actually refers to the ass crack, so first and foremost we are an ass lovers site. We just don't typically get into the big anal insertion extreme raunchy open ass hole stuff usually associated with ass sites. We generally think the female anus looks a lot prettier in it's natural position where you can see the radiating creases without having raunchy rectal innards forced in your face. Inthecrack ass worship videos are about admiring the beautiful curves and shapes of the female ass and exploring the intimate regions of the girl's ass crack. Anal insertion content is usually relatively modest with more out than in so you can actually see the anus. With the exception of inside vagina view clips you can be certain that the ass is featured prominently in almost all inthecrack videos. We're so enamored with ass that it is often still the primary focus of attention even in some pussy masturbation videos as we feel a little hilly scenery can only enhance the view while watching the action. If you are an ass lover you will certainly find lots to enjoy in inthecrack.com.   PINK NOT DEAD!    maurycy Natasha's Pink Clit at inthecrack.com 2004     Nataly   The Big Pink at inthecrack.com 2009 