The all-black uniform of the Nazi Schutzstaffel paramilitary force from 1932 until 1945 was designed by SS-Oberführer Prof. Dr. Karl Diebitsch and Walter Heck (graphic designer) and made by the Hugo Boss company, some workers being prisoners of war forced into labor.   Wikipedia: Hugo Boss AG *   Hugo Boss manufactured uniforms for the Schutzstaffel (SS). Christian Dior spent much of World War II making dresses for the wives of German officers, although he had fought for France until the occupation of Paris. Coco Chanel had an affair with a Nazi officer, and is believed to have had sympathies.   Wikipedia: Nazi Chic      SS Pink: SS collar tabs in Panzer Pink and Silver at epier.com and The Pink Edge: Panzer Hussar collar insignia at deutschesoldaten.com   Dear PINK's    The question of Nazi Pink lately emerged again for me partly because of my virtual crazy friend Sárika Bizarro who runs on her Flicker very peculiar, sarcastic and astonishing archive entitled The Nazis we don't know.** Sarika posted there under SS Pink entrance a picture of basic (runes) SS collar patch in the pink variation (with link to the source provided).     As I did once an exercise in Banal Conversion creating similar item just with golden embroidery (what I find more proper instead of preserving silver if we are looking for color nemesis) so I was naturally interested. I am not sure about the historical existence of such patch (supposedly SS panzer division) but it is true that WWII German panzer divisions used pink as they color (waffenfarbe) - it is even more confusing as German panzer uniform  was black and it used Totenkopf emblem on its patches (Photo) similar to the Allgemeine SS and infamous 3. SS-Panzergrenadier-Division Totenkopf  (enlisted initially from SS-Totenkopfverbände - SS concentration camp guards) skulls. That lead me again to the abandoned previously idea of the perverted piece of clothing: Pink version of Allgemeine SS uniform.     Accidentally in the relation to the bizarre, minimalist image of the facade of gun store in Mexico City that I posted in flicker I started to investigate Luger Parabellum and I found (posted below) case of golden pistol that seams to suit perfectly phantasmagoria of such uniform. As the thing come together I can only use this opportunity to mention that I published on my flicker Miguel Ventura's statement related to his complex participation with pink swastikas on PND! Show. As for my reasons to incorporate this piece and my "United Antonyms" (corporative logos of SS and Red Cross united in pink presented as three dimensional plastic neon light boxes - read: blur in the fetish universe, corporation, idealism, promise of paradise, perfection etc.) you can found a bit more about it here. (Polish Only - Sorry - I have three months old baby boy and just can't write in three languages about Nazi Horror Glam seduction potential all over again)    PINK NOT DEAD!?    maurycy     Golden Luger Parabellum (Marushin Assembly Kit)    For Pink Weapons follow the links in this post   * more about Hugo Boss Nazi Design  ** I had pleasure to contribute to her archive with few pictures; one of them used last spring in my The Best of The Rest project presented in Poznań Arsenał as part of Adam Mazur's Antiphotograps show. 