Phallus Bhutanicus #1, MG, 2009   Dear PINK's    Lately Agnieszka Żechowska send me several photographs that register popular iconography related to the Phallic Cult in Bhutan. Those beautiful naive paintings raised a true cock fever in my head. I couldn't restrain myself from doing immediately a vector reinterpretation of one of them. I hope that will be beginning of new series of essentially erotic drawings. As someone obsessed with Vagina I am naturally focusing my attention on The Pink Lotus - the very subject of my worship. Although I do have some phallic pieces on my account most of the time I was semi- unconsciously avoiding The Perfect Pussy Companion. That is a definitive mistake for someone who tries to the express The Glory of Sexuality at its fullness. I will try to fill this gap. I am planning to do at least few phallic images. Of course it is also a great opportunity for me to come back to the idea of religious alike representations of My Beloved Cunts. This time with slight touch of Buddhist aesthetics. Penis and Vagina are like ying and yang except that The Sex Harmony Sign should be Pink on both sides :) Here a couple of samples from my first approach to the Very Pink Idol finally so dear to any man. The future will show how can I cope with such Great Subject ;) PINK NOT DEAD!    maurycy     Phallus Bhutanicus #3 (pseudo anaglyph) MG, 2009   CHECK ALSO:   VAGINETTES Set o My Flickr (6 of 18) *   SATANICO TROPICAL Set o My Flickr (3 motifs, 22 images) *   PUSSY MANDALA #01  PUSSY MANDALA #02  PUSSY MANDALA #03  Original Bhutan Phallus image #01  Original Bhutan Phallus image #02  Original Bhutan Phallus image #03  The Phallus of Bhutan: an arcane symbol at www.keystobhutan.com  Bhutan's phalluses warn off evil at BBC News  Greetings from Bhutan   * Because of Flickr community rules most of the images in those sets are marked as restricted although I do not consider any of them offensive. You can see any if you wish but to be able to do it you must to turn SAFE SEARCH in Your Flickr Account (Free) OFF. Pink Not Dead! 