Cat dressed as Hello Kitty image from Hello Kitty Hell   Dear PINK's    I do not remember how I found myself for the first time at Hello Kitty Hell - I believe it was trough Mundo Rarito but I am not sure. Anyway this is the right place to confirm all your possible fears relating with the Pink Cult of the dreadful kitten whose pink shadow overcast already the once Untouchable Star of Mickey Mouse. (Anyone who has any doubts about who is Hello Kitty and why it is an omnipotent icon of Kawaii Universe can check it under corresponding links in wikipedia) HK Hell is a site made out of anger of "one man with life overload with cuteness" - an incomparable archive of categorized Hello Kitty (Pink) Madness: Hello Kitty Tattoo  *, Hello Kitty Computers, Hello Kitty Fashion - just check it by yourself. I will limit myself here to show only two samples of Hello Kitty Pets. The idea of HK costume have long story - I remember my astonishment when some years ago I started to notice different Sanrio characters wearing outfits of another ones (ex. HK in the costume of My Melody or vice versa), later during my visit to Japan I found out that virtually any bigger city have its regional version of HK with characteristic costume (for ex. HK in Deer costume at Nara, HK in Lavender Costume at Sapporo etc.) The idea of HK costume for children seamed obvious as Japanese know no mercy when the matter is Kawaii: creation of pet costumes I assume was only a natural next step to follow immediately.  I remember once to get across a porno set entitled Hello Clitty with chinease girl (Kiko Wu) masturbating using HK vibrator. I do not doubt that in the land of Cosplay HK costumes entered already into adult industry but this is too much even for me. Below some samples of HK Credit Cards I got in Hong Kong and Kyoto - I hope that it can be my small contribution to the astonishing HK Hell archive.    PINK NOT DEAD!    maurycy (* - I have one)     Cat dressed as Hello Kitty image from Hello Kitty Hell 