Dzień jedenasty.   Jaka uroczo archaiczna porada! Pisanie bloga z wakacji nie jest dziś kwestią "możliwości", tylko chęci;  a "wspieranie sieci" przeniosło się na fejsbuka, z jego systemem lajków i szerów.  No i akurat jestem zbyt leniwy, żeby przysiąść i zrobić blogrolkę. Starą skasowałem, bo była nieaktualna. Ale czasem wrzucam coś cudzego na bloga; najczęściej od Lawrence'a Milesa: raz, że uważam jego notki za arcyciekawe, dwa, że często kasuje wpisy (a nawet całe blogi). Kiedyś zapisywałem takie rzeczy na dysku, teraz mam ponad sto giga nieposortowanych rzeczy, w których ciężko cokolwiek znaleźć. A szkoda by było, gdyby zniknęły np. takie rozważania nad dziecięcym strachem i memem "behind the sofa" - ukrywania się za kanapą przed przerażającymi potworami z Doktora Who:  December. Night comes in early now. See me there, four years old and therefore this tall, standing on a similarly dwarfish example of Habitat furniture and tacking tinsel to the wall at a level which I naively consider to be Quite High Up. My mother - my only co- habitant in this flat, in a building that 2012-me would describe as a product of Modernist utopianism ruined by mid-twentieth- century politics and lifts that never bloody work - is doing the same. I'm helping, in a way that only children fully understand. This home is harsh and angular and green-grey, a period green- greyness that belongs in the 1970s and absolutely nowhere else. There are orange-and-brown curtains elsewhere in these rooms, as per. But right now there's also tinsel on the walls. Hah! Purple wins the day. A last-minute victory for Glam before we all slide into the sludge of MOR. At this exact moment, there are two things on television. At the same time, on the same channel. One is the pre-Christmas edition of Top of the Pops, which sees Boney M performing "By the Rivers of Babylon", but also - by a further splitting of universes, which even the CEO of an American comic-book company would find hard to sell - perfoming "Mary's Boy Child" simultaneously. The other programme is the festive repeat of "Pyramids of Mars", being delivered in one large seasonal package instead of the original four. I'm not consciously aware of this last fact, of course, but I can hardly ignore the thing whose gaze now takes in the whole of this living-room from behind the glass. The dark and - yay! - purple- tinged god. Eyes lighting up in a horror of turquoise. I knew Sutekh before I even knew what Egypt was. Egypt. Babylon. Gods. Christmas. My first memory was of a giraffe, and it taught me fear, embarrassingly. Sutekh doesn't scare me. Sutekh is fascination. Last Christmas, "Bohemian Rhapsody" was number one, and on Top of the Pops every week forever. At my grandparents' house (once again), I was so appalled by this clutch of chanting, illuminated heads that I ran into the kitchen and barricaded the door with my tiny body until I received assurances from three impartial grown-ups that it was over. Queen was fear. Doctor Who was compulsion. Those who talk about "behind the sofa" moments tend to be children of the '60s, when 405-line monochrome was blurry enough to give you a sense of something terrible lurking behind the (often deliberately- employed) fuzz. Children of the '70s, watching the same series shot on then-hi-def, then-ultra-sharp video... many of us didn't even know we were meant to be scared, until nostalgia programmes started telling us so, ten years later. Perhaps the occasional episode would hit on a specific personal phobia, be it spiders, living statues, or in my mother's strangely Freudian case, men with the heads of bulls; however, the ideal of Doctor Who as an all-purpose Engine of Terror disappeared in 1969, and wouldn't be forced back into existence until the twenty-first century.﻿[...] -- "1976: The Enemy Within", Lawrence Miles 