It's December guys and that means my obsession with Christmas is no longer abnormal and is totally justified. It feels as if this year autumn went by in a few seconds, which made me think to celebrate at least the end of it. I've been honestly loving watching The Sweater Weather TAG on Youtube (and I think the name of it is the coziest name on the planet - if only names could be cozy) and decided to do it on my own as well. Since I make my videos only in Polish and have read in some of the comments you would like to know what I'm talking about - I'm aswering all of the TAG questions here :)  Wczoraj oficjalnie rozpoczął się grudzień, a moja chora obsesja na punkcie Świąt przestała być nie na miejscu i jest już całkowicie usprawiedliwiona. Jesień w tym roku minęła dla mnie w kilka sekund i dlatego pomyślałam, że celebrować będę chociaż jej koniec. Celebracji sposób dziwny - nagranie video, a konkretnie Sweater Weather Tagu, który oglądałam obsesyjnie na Youtubie. 'Sweater Weather', mam nadzieję, będzie trwać jeszcze trochę, a tymczasem możecie obejrzeć video o moich sposobach na przetrwanie jesieni :)  ♥ Favourite autumnal candle scent?  You know I'm a candle-freak and I could I would put candles literally on every shelf in my room. Unfortunately I can't since my parents don't want me to burn our flat. My whole year go-to candle scent though is vanilla but I associate it mainly with autumn and winter. It's funny how I hate everything vanilla-ish (like vanilla yogurts or vanilla puddings - just disgusting) but make everyone breathe in vanilla fumes everytime they enter my room.      ♥ Coffee, tea or hot chocolate?  When it comes to coffee - well, I can't survive without it. It's my fuel, there's nothing to be done about it but I'm sort of proud of myself since I'm fine with only one coffee per day now.  I tried hot chocolate for the first time ever (yes, it was a critical moment in my life) a few weeks ago and loved it so much but my biggest passion is definitely tea - black, green, white, 'fruity'. ♥ What's the best autumnal memory you have?  I don't think there's one specific memory I have. I like autumn cause it's this nice pre-winter time, time to chill out, get cozy. I especially love when it starts getting dark very early in the afternoon, all these cafes are so bright with their lights and I can have a sit in one of these, grab something warm to drink and just watch people on the street (in a non-stalker way, of course).  ♥ Which makeup trend do you prefer: dark lips or winged eyeliner?   In real life - winged eyeliner, in my dream-wanna-be life - dark lips. I think there's nothing prettier than a dark lip colour - especially in autumn I can see all these lipsticks literally screaming to me to use them but well, I just can't. I'm unable to look OK wearing burgundy on my lips and that's tough life. I decided to go wild and step out of my comfort zone for today's video but instead of looking nice and I ended up looking like a clown.  ♥  What is autumn weather like where you live?  It depends really - sometimes it's really beautiful with all these colourfull leaves, lots of sunshine. Sometimes it's raining all time. And sometimes everything is grey.    ♥ Most worn sweater? Definitely the one you see above but I'm telling you - it's so hard to choose since I'm a sweater maniac and I own A LOT of them. I often buy in second-hand stores and this one is from there as well. I know it's far too big for me, but its colour and fabric makes me feel just so cozy (congratulations, I've just said 'cozy' for the fifteenth time). I also love a black- and-white sweater from Mohito, which I showed you in the last post.  ♥ Must-have nail polish this autumn?  I'd say all the 'darker' colours such as black or brown. Golden is a nice idea too. The most of the most autumnal colours though is burgundy for me.   ♥ Football games or jumping in leaf piles?  This question is just weird to be honest. I'm not a fan of any sport but I remember my grandpa would always watch football games (still does that) and I would watch with and I...enjoyed it. Jumping in leaf piles sounds like a weird activity for me to write in your agenda but who knows, maybe I'll try it next year? ♥ Skinny jeans or leggings?  I bought my first pair of leggins a few weeks ago - just black, simple ones, made of a little thicker material and I freaking love them. Now, as I'm looking back at my life before leggins, it looks so empty. I definitely needed them.  ♥ Favourite type of coffee?  I only drink black coffee - sometimes with sugar, sometimes without it but never with milk. Just a plain coffee, which is sort of boring, but works fine for me. One of my favourite take-away coffee is from CoffeBook, which is in the building of the library where I go everyday.   ♥ A book to read in the evening?  Right now I'm reading "The Lonely Crowd" by David Riesman but I think the best book you can read in your autumnal evening is something by Agatha Christie. I've read tones of her books, watched the TV series with Hercules Poirot and genuinely love it.  ♥ Favourite TV ahow for autumn?  'New Girl' - this show just cracks me up. And 'Hart of Dixie' - there is so much drama but well, who doesn't like a little bit of it in their life?  Have a lovely week! Miłego tygodnia! 