Oto 10  najważniejszych sposobów na skuteczną promocję swojego biznesu w sieci, nie włączając w to Google. Rady te pochodzą z portalu www.seoptimise.com stąd ich wersja angielska. Jednak nie powinno być żadnych problemów z jakimkolwiek ich zrozumieniem, czarne wyróżnienie mówi samo za siebie. Po prostu byłem leniem i nie chciało mi się tłumaczyć – forgive me. Większość z nich a raczej wszystkie w jakimś stopniu powinny być brane pod uwagę, jeśli chce się kreować swój wizerunek w Internecie.  Twitter! Do I need to say more about that? Connect with your peers, fans, clients and inform about special offers etc. Blogging at a hosted blog on your domain is still the best interface for your online business, your clients love it, people loosely interested in your offering love it, Google loves it YouTube videos are quite frequently on top of Google search results and the site has millions of visitors on its own, Will it Blend? Yes you can as well. LinkedIn is the number one place to find professionals in each category, you can also determine the authority of any expert by his contributions (not necesessarily by the number of connections) Social shopping sites are the new kid on the block you can’t ignore. They boomed in late 2008 and can’t be ignored anymore. Shopping search engines, especially for ecommerce sites are still big, everybody uses them o compare products and prices. You must be there. Yahoo Answers + other Q A sites unless you are in a business where everybody knows everthing by heart. Review sites like TripAdvisor, not only for the travel sector both influence consumers like no other websites and they propel your Google Local listings to the top too Local sites and local search like TrueLocal, Yell.com, Qype.co.uk allow people to find what they want in their vicinity, they are becoming more popular due to the smartphones and netbooks wave Niche communities, for all kinds of businesses, it might be forums, Ning comunities, niche social sites like Sphinn for search marketers 