ELDERFLOWER CORDIAL (Syrop z kwiatów czarnego bzu) There is absolutely nothing else as delicious as home-made elderflower cordial. I even cannot imagine anything else so fragrant and refreshing! It is just so much better than anything you can buy.  How to get some? It is such an easy thing! Just remember that the season is very short and you can pick elderflower once a year only, between end of May to the second week of June.   Simply find the greenest park in your neighbourhood (as far away from the roads as possible) and grab some elderflower heads from there. For making a well-flavoured cordial you need to pick flowers on a sunny day and use it as soon as possible. Choose the freshest-looking ones. Finally buy some unwaxed lemons and spend 30 minutes in your kitchen.  And that's it!  Just a little bit of patience, three glass bottles with fixed lids and here IT is.   When ready, you can mix IT with cold water (it is your choice whether still or sparkling), you can splash IT over fruits salads, soups or cocktails, you can use IT to make a very special dessert. Also you can serve IT with berries or you can add IT to sparkling wine for a delicious cocktail. But I am telling you now – mix IT with a glass of Martini Rosso (or Bianco), add some ice-cubes, have a big gulp and start thinking of your holidays.  Ladies and Gentlemen summer is just around the corner!      HOME-MADE ELDERFLOWER CORDIAL |adapted from Kuchnia Alicji|   1.3 litres boiling water 100ml vodka   zest and juice from 3 unwaxed lemons   finger- sized piece of fresh root ginger, peeled   4 tsp of your favourite honey   400g Demerara sugar   2 tsp orange flower water   40 very fresh large elderflower heads    Very gently clean the elderflower heads to remove any dirt or little creatures and pull the flowers from their stalks  In a large saucepan bring the water to the boil, pour over the sugar and give it a good stir to dissolve.  Let it cool completely.  Add both zest and lemon juice, ginger and then the flowers.  Mix well, cover and leave to infuse for 72 hours. Once a day bring the cordial to the boil and stir well.  Finally add vodka, strain the elderflower liquid through a sieve lined with either muslin or a clean tea towel. Discard the flowers, lemon zest and ginger and pour the liquid into the sterilised bottles. Seal well and leave to cool. Keep refrigerated for up to one month. COOKING TIPS Adding the elderflowers while the water is still boiling hot, will change the taste of the cordial. Instead of keeping the cordial in bottles you can pour it into ice cube trays and keep them freeze.  Enjoy!      SOK Z KWIATÓW CZARNEGO BZU  |na podstawie przepisu Petry, podanym przez Alcię|    1.3l wody  100ml wódki  sok i skórka z 3 niewoskowanych cytryn  1 duży kawałek imbiru wielkości kciuka, obrany  4 łyżki ulubionego miodu  400g cukru Demerara  2 łyżki wody z kwiatów pomarańczy 40 baldachów kwiatów bzu   Delikatnie oczyść kwiatostany bzu by pozbyć się ewentualnych zanieczyszczeń i drobnych żyjątek. BARDZO delikatnie oberwij kwiaty usuwając większe części zielonych łodyg.   W dużym garnku doprowadź wodę do wrzenia, dodaj cukier i zamieszaj dobrze tak, by cały cukier się rozpuścił.   Zostaw do całkowitego ostygnięcia.  Dodaj skórkę i sok z cytryn, imbir oraz kwiaty bzu.   Przykryj i zostaw na 3 dni, by sok nabrał mocy.  Każdego dnia krótko zagotuj zawartość garnka i dokładnie wymieszaj.  Po trzecim dniu przecedź sok przez gęste sitko lub muślin.  Dodaj wódkę, zagotuj i przelej do wysterylizowanych butelek.  Szczelnie je zamknij i zostaw do ostgnięcia.  Trzymaj sok w lodówce do miesiąca.    CENNE UWAGI Dodanie bzu pierwszego dnia do gorącej wody zdecydowanie psuje smak całego soku. Sok można również wlać do woreczków na kostki lodu i zamrozić.   Smacznego!     PS Nie zapomnijcie zajrzeć do letniego wydania Lawendowego Domu!    Autor:   Around the kitchen table 